Welcome all.
Today I have some joyous news for everyone,
well, not for everyone,
but ok, for a lot of people, I guess.
Due to popular demand on Udemy I have
for Mac, for Mac
instructions, for tutorials on a Mac,
I have decided to acquire a
MacBook Pro to do the demonstrations on it.
The set up instructions
on how to install VirtualBox,
how to do a passthrough
and pretty much anything else
that you might ask of me to do.
I will be happy to do it if I can.
And also, for some of the
problems that people have been experiencing
on a Mac, now I can relate to you.
Now you can write me and I can attempt
to recreate the problems and find the solutions.
But before I actually
begin with the tutorial itself,
I would like to share
my experience this far with a Mac.
This is something I really feel that I need to do.
First of all, the price.
When I saw what the prices were for Macs
that was pretty detrimental and demoralizing
with me going around and looking for a used Mac.
But, I guess it needed to be done, so here it is.
What I've acquired to
purchase is a MacBook Pro, from late 2011
with a 2.4 GHz i7 Quad-core processor
and with 4GB of RAM and with
8 dedicated to AMD graphics card.
So I have replaced the RAM,
I went to the official Mac service here
and I asked them about
the RAM in Mac, and they basically said
that I could either insert one 8GB slot
and that would work
in conjuntion with my 2GB slot,
which was on a lower frequency,
but then both would work in a lower frequency,
or I could insert two of them.
Upon realizing what the price
was for two, I promptly instructed him
to insert only one into
this Mac, as I don't really need
more than 10GB of RAM,
however the frequency is a bit lower.
Anyway, that is the hardware that I have,
so that you know what
I am working with, so that you can compare
to your own and understand
my limitations, if there are any.
And I also have the latest
update of Yosemite installed here.
And I have created a dedicated account for Udemy,
as you can see, in the
upper right corner it says Udemy.
I have not installed
anything with this account, so
this is as it gets, this is stock.
And now I will go through the tutorials
and show you how to install VirtualBox, Kali
and passthrough, set up a passthrough, I mean
things are fairly the same, if not exactly the same
but some people have been
experiencing some problems.
I have not done anything on this Mac,
I have not done any installations
or anything like that, so I want to see
if I will encounter the same
problems while instructing you
and let's see how,
if I am able to resolve them quickly.
If I'm able to resolve them
quickly, I'll leave it in this tutorial.
If I'm not, I'll cut out the long
parts and see what I can do.
Anyway, my experience this far with Yosemite,
well, I'm not too thrilled
with it, not too enthusiastic.
I mean, the design is nice,
both, the MacBook Pro design is very nice
and the layout of the
operating system is very nice
but it doesn't have the amount of customizability
and it doesn't have the amount
of options that I have with Fedora, really.
I don't have the same amount of freedom.
But it is true what they say.
Things just tend to work with Mac.
There are no problems of whatsoever.
It runs smoothly, the battery's great and all that
but I just don't have the
same features that I have on Linux,
even though the terminal
commands are fairly similar,
I don't have the same amount
of freedom to mess around with my system
as I do have in Linux,
so that's one of the reasons why
I didn't enjoy my
experience with a Mac that much, but
I mean, it's ok, it's fine,
this is a perfectly legit operating system.
I would definitely be able to use it,
I do not think it would be a bad experience,
on the contrary, I believe
it would be a fantastic experience,
but I'm not switching from Linux, like, no way.
So let's go ahead and begin with the basics.
The first thing you
need to do if you are a Mac user
to follow through this
tutorial, you will need to install
a virtual machine of
Kali Linux, or create a dual boot.
Today I'm not going to
demonstrate how to do a dual boot for Kali, but
dual boot with Kali, I wouldn't really recommend
because there isn't that much point to it,
it's a lot easier to install a VirtualBox,
as most of the wireless cards in Macs
won't really be good for packet injection.
You might ask me what is the difference.
Can we do packet injection with VirtualBox
and stuff will go through
a virtual machine with VirtualBox?
No, you cannot do that.
Because if we install
a virtual machine, that virtual machine
does not have access
to your integrated wireless card,
the only thing you can do
is pass a USB wireless adapter
to that virtual machine
and then do it a packet injection.
This, I do believe that I shall demonstrate as well.
Our work around for this
in most laptops, including MacBooks
is simply to create a
dual boot, or a live boot, and then...
A live boot is basically to create a USB of Kali.
There is a separate tutorial for that.
Those two options remain
and you can access your hardware directly.
But then again, there is no point in doing that
if your wireless card
does not support packet injection
or it's simply not good for it.
So I would advise you to get a wireless adapter
and if you still want
to attempt a dual boot or live version
I mean, by all means, feel free to do so
and I really, really,
really hope that it does work out.
But in this tutorial I will
show you how to install VirtualBox.
Also, by the way, if you have any other request
what you'd like me to demonstrate
on a Mac, feel free to ask it of me,
but I'm only going to go in terms of configuration
if you want the stuff
on the course that I do in Linux
and you want to do the same things on a Mac,
that's not a good idea,
let me just leave it to that.
Let me just go ahead and begin with this already
because I'm looking at my timer,
I've been bubbling for about 7 minutes.
So let's open up the default web browser,
I'm not going to install
Firefox or anything like that.
On my main user I have
installed Firefox so I can use it,
but as I said I'm running this at stock.
I've no intention of
changing the default installation.
Let's go ahead and first
open up the VirtualBox website.
Type in "virtualbox" and search for it.
We've got https://www.virtualbox.org.
There we go, so check if it's secured.
Safari is using an encrypted connection.
Show the certificates.
Issued by VeriSign, ok so I know they're the ones
issuing the certificate
for this site, so that is fine.
You go ahead an check the certificate anyway
and make sure that it's https, just in case
because people tend to put fake webs, websites,
quite a good amount of times.
And then go into Downloads
And from the downloads you can see...
Oh, I didn't configure this bar down.
Let's go ahead and configure this bar.
I'm sorry, it's just gonna take a minute.
The Dock. I'm pretty sure
all the Mac users know how to do this.
Hide it. Thank you.
Now let's expand this.
I really like this feature with a Mac
that you can slide left and right, with 3 fingers.
Let's go ahead and select
the OS X version of VirtualBox.
So we got VirtualBox for
Windows hosts, OS X hosts.
Let's go ahead and select that one.
The download is proceeding.
And it's going pretty fast.
For me, anyway. Or so I like to think.
And I don't have the fastest
internet connection out there,
it's 8MB down and 10Mb up,
80Mb down and 10Mb up,
but it does serve its purpose.
Let's go ahead and open up this file.
Let it run, let it run.
No big deal. Shouldn't take too long.
Checking volumes. Finishing. Thank you.
So let's go ahead and begin with the installation.
This is the first time I'm
actually installing something in a Mac,
I've done this deliberately.
I did not want to do
this installation prior to this
so that I can put myself into somebody's shoes
and that I would encounter the same exact problems
that you yourselves would encounter,
I am hoping that I will
encounter them to an extent, anyway.
Let's go ahead and see what it says.
"Double click on this icon". Nevermind that.
"Run the VirtualBox application..."
Will this work? No. Yes. Excellent.
I'm lying. In my user
installation I did install Firefox
so that's something. But I
did not install VirtualBox prior to this.
Let's go ahead and open up Applications.
There we go. VirtualBox package.
"This package will run a program to determine
if the software can be installed". OK.
Introduction. Thank you for the introduction.
Change install location.
What is the default install location?
Install only for me.
Why doesn't it give this option?
Maybe it's stuck or something.
No, it's definitely not stuck.
That's just a certificate.
Install for all users on this computer.
I do not know how to change this.
Apparently I don't have the ability to change it.
Customize. Let's see what this does.
The command line tools, maybe I shall use them.
The utilities, not a bad idea.
VirtualBox kernel extensions.
It seems to have everything
prepackaged here. That is very nice.
I could actually disable
one package, but it doesn't allow me
to go ahead and destroy the kernel extensions.
But it's OK, I mean, there I needed for it to work.
What I am bothered with the most,
and sure somebody's looking at me
and saying "wow, what a stupid person you are",
"you can't even change the destination".
I suppose it has to install for everybody,
that seems a bit strange, doesn't it?
Well, not really a big deal. To be honest,
I kind of need VirtualBox
in my other users as well.
On my main user I need the VirtualBox as well,
I was meaning to install it anyway.
So let's go ahead and skip that shameful part
where the instructor knows nothing.
It's requesting me that
I confirm this with a password,
so let's go ahead and type it in. There we go.
The strange thing for me,
coming to a Mac is that I can
I mean, there is like the Homebrew,
the packet manager that I can install
for OS X, but it is very
annoying to actually have to install that
and not have a packet manager by default.
So I have 30 minutes remaining.
Hopefully we can finish it, as I am running short,
as I only have six more minutes of the tutorial
due to the limitations on Udemy.
So that is the installation
procedure for VirtualBox.
It seems to be installed now.
Let's go ahead and run it,
and I probably don't need this anymore.
Is this how you delete things?
No, that's how you remove them from the dock.
I'll just use the file manager to remove it.
Can I use the file manager to remove it?
Excellent, so there we go.
Let's go into the applications.
And move to trash.
Now we're gonna go ahead and start VirtualBox.
I don't have an SSD in this, so keep that in mind.
The version with an SSD was kind of expensive.
But I might decide to upgrade
later on if it's worth the while.
Probably it is in terms of speed,
but again, I don't use this laptop
for much other than web browsing.
Let's go ahead and, now that we have this set up,
now we're gonna go ahead and
basically just download Kali
and in the next
tutorial we're going to install it.
So go to Safari and then type in just Kali.
It should pop up the right one.
Https. Change to English. Thank you.
There we go, the first one
is Kali Linux, Penetration Testing, https.
We're gonna go into Downloads.
And keep in mind that you can
either download a Kali 2.0 image from here
in different sections of the
instructions. I used different versions.
I've updated certain sections of the tutorial
which are considered to be vital.
When you watch this,
if there is a newer version of Kali
just go ahead and download it,
it should be fine, no problems.
So you can either download
this one, the ISO file from here
or you can go ahead and...
There we go. So you can either
download the ISO file from here, this one
or you can go down below and select Official ARM
and VMWare images for virtual machines.
So you have prebuild Kali Linux VMware images
and you have prebuild
Kali Linux VirtualBox images.
So you can use these as well. Keep that in mind.
For the time being,
I would like you to go ahead and download
this prebuild version, Kali Linux 64 bit VBox.
And we're just gonna go ahead and click on...
Do I have any torrent clients installed here?
Are you serious? I do. No, this is just the image,
this is just the file that starts the download.
Any chance I have it installed?
Of course not!
So let's just go ahead and click
on the image and download it so
download is proceeding. By the time I come back
in the next tutorial the download will finish
and I'll be able to show you how to install it
and then we can go into USB passthrough on a Mac.
Until then, I bid you farewell.
And I sincerely hope
that you are all pleased with this.